.TH DISPLAY l "13 April 2005" "Rev. 1.00"
.SH NAME
\fBdisplay\fP \- convert the APAT XML output (APATML) and format as
HTML together with images for display
.SH SYNTAX
.B display.pl
.I [-web | -outdir=directory]
.RI apat.xml
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.I display
program takes an APATML (APAT XML) output file generated using the
.I masper.pl
program and displays the data as and HTML page together with images.
.LP
HTML output is to standard output. 
.LP
The default behaviour is to create any image files (which will be
given unique names) to the current directory. This can be changed with
the 
.I \-web
and
.I \-outdir
options.
.LP
The APAT master program combines annotations/predictions from a number
of servers either local or across the web.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 6
.I apat.xml
An XML file using the APATML markup language to describe annotations
and predictions of a protein sequence.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 6
.I \-outdir
Allows an alternative directory to be specified for the output image
files. Note that the HTML will not reflect this and will assume that
images are in the current directory. Thus this option is used when the
HTML output is redirected to a file in a directory other than the
current directory. For example:
.LP
display.pl -outdir=foo bar.xml >foo/bar.html
.TP 6
.I \-web
This option causes image files to be placed in a 
.B tmp 
directory on your web server (the exact location is specified during
installation). The HTML will then reflect this location of the image
files. This is used when running the 
.I display.pl
program from a CGI script with the output being sent direct to the
web server. 

.SH BUGS
None known
.SH SEE ALSO
apat(1), make-input-xml.pl(1), master.pl(1), mas-mas.pl(1)
.SH AUTHOR
S.V.V. Deevi, The University of Reading

