.TH MASTER l "13 April 2005" "Rev. 1.00"
.SH NAME
\fBmaster\fP \- run annotation/prediction servers on an APAT XML input
file to create the APAT XML output (APATML) file
.SH SYNTAX
.B master.pl
.I [-plugdir=directory]
.RI in.xml
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.I master
program takes an APAT XML input file generated using the
.I make-input-xml.pl
program and runs the annotation/prediction servers to create an output
file in the APATML XML format.
.LP
APATML output is to standard output. 
.LP
The actual annotation/prediction servers are accessed via 'plug-ins'
stored in the 
.I plug
sub-directory of the code installation
directory. Alternative plug-in directories may be specified using the
command line 
.I -plugdir
option or with the 
.I PLUGINS
environment variable. The command line option takes priority followed
by the environment variable followed by the installation directory
default. 
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 6
.I in.xml
An XML file using the APAT input format to describe the sequence and
related information required by the annotation servers.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 6
.I \-plugdir
Allows an alternative directory to be specified for the plug-ins that
access the servers. Takes priority over all other directories.

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP 6
.I PLUGINS
Allows an alternative directory to be specified for the plug-ins that
access the servers. Takes priority over the default, but overridden by 
.I -plugdir

.SH BUGS
None known
.SH SEE ALSO
apat(1), make-input-xml.pl(1), display.pl(1), mas-mas.pl(1)
.SH AUTHOR
S.V.V. Deevi, The University of Reading

