.TH MIX l "23 August 2005" "Rev. 1.00"
.SH NAME
\fBmix\fP \- create APAT XML input file from a FASTA sequence
.SH SYNTAX
.B mix.pl
[[ -plant ] file.faa email out.xml]

.B mix.pl 
-h

.B mix.pl 
-l

.B mix.pl 
-setdefaults 
[-d=file] 
email:email_address

.B mix.pl 
[-f] 
[-d=file] 
[server:param=value[,param=value...]...]
file.faa

.B mix.pl


.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.I mix
program takes a protein sequence file in FASTA format and converts it
to an APAT input XML file which must also be specified on the command
line. 
.LP
.I mix
can be run in various ways to store defaults so that you only need
to specify a sequence file on normal runs or can be run fully
interactively.
.LP
APAT is a system for combining annotations/predictions from a number
of servers either local or across the web.
.SH USAGE

.B mix.pl -h
.LP
Prints this help message.
.LP
.B mix.pl -l
.LP
Lists the known servers and their options and parameters.
.LP
.B mix.pl -setdefaults [-d=file] email:email_address [server:param=value[,param=value...]...]
.LP
Stores defaults to the file specified with 
.I -d 
or to 
.I ~/.apatrc
if no file is specified. The file is over-written, so you must
specify defaults for all servers you want to use. If values
contain spaces, each server: section must be contained in inverted
commas.
.LP 
.B ./mix.pl [-f] [-d=file] [server:param=value[,param=value...]...] file.faa
.LP
The normal mode of operation. Optionally allows you to override any
defaults on the command line and reads a FASTA file generating an XML
output file. Defaults may be read from a file specified with the
.I -d
option or from 
.I ~/.apatrc
For any servers 
.I mix
knows about, it checks that the options and values are valid. The 
.I -f 
flag overrides this check. If values contain spaces, each 
.I server: 
section must be contained in inverted commas.
.LP
.B ./mix.pl
.LP
The other normal mode of operation. No defaults are used, but
prompts for values for all servers/options which mix knows
about.

.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 15
.I file.faa
FASTA file containing a protein sequence
.TP 15
.I email
Your EMail address. Required by some servers. May also be used for
servers that return results by EMail
.TP 15
.I out.xml
XML file in APAT input XML format

.SH OPTIONS
Options are (see above for detailed description)
.TP 15
.BI \-h
Prints a help mesasge
.TP 15
.BI \-l
List the servers 
.I mix
knows about
.TP 15
.BI -setdefaults
Used to create a defaults file so that parameters not specified
are set automatically
.SH BUGS
None known
.SH SEE ALSO
apat(1), mas-mas.pl(1), master.pl(1), display.pl(1)
.SH AUTHOR
S.V.V. Deevi, The University of Reading

